[Keyboard] Add kelwin46.5 keyboard (#21840)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/kelwin/readme.md

Reviewer: 1. Could an Imgur hosted image of this keyboard/PCB be added?
2. `Keyboard Maintainer` is missing a link/URL
3. Is there a shop/store link (be it available now or planned in future) that could be added to `Hardware Availability`?

# kelwin46.5

* Keyboard Maintainer: [kelwin]
* Hardware Supported: kelwin46.5 PCBs, atmega32u4
* Hardware Availability: kelwin4598

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make kelwin46.5:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make kelwin46.5:default:flash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make kelwin:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make kelwin:default:flash
```

# kelwin46.5

> ![kelwin46.5](https://imgur.com/a/ag2biwa)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![kelwin46.5](https://i.imgur.com/s96y7nwh.jpeg)
```
